that they are considering prohibiting access to
García Monte because he entered
with a tourist passport and not with a
lawyer's passport and apparently he
practiced as such or something like that. In short, the
conflict that he has created. Well, he says that they are
studying the possibility of prohibiting him from
returning to Thailand and how he was not
prepared or had any idea. I suppose that an
international criminal law lawyer
like him should have foreseen these things
but apparently he entered with a
passport Or rather on Saturday as a
tourist, the reports of the same and he should have
entered with the visa
as a lawyer, not as if he was going as a
lawyer and I did not do it,
the Thai government is proposing. Well, let's see,
one thing is very clear here, the Thais are really
pissed off with these people, you can tell like a
monkey. You just have to
see the face he made the other day in the
interview they did on TV.